[ACM-11953]: Remove/replace references to hypershift CLI (#6521)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/deploy_aws_private_clusters.adoc

[#prerequisites-aws-private-clusters]
== Prerequisites

> * To enable private hosted clusters for AWS, you must first enable AWS PrivateLink. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/enable_aws_private_link.adoc#hosted-enable-private-link[Enabling AWS PrivateLink].

Reviewer: Optional: 

Do you want users to complete these prereq steps in order? If so, use numbers, like a procedure, instead of a bullet list: 

```suggestion

1. To enable private hosted clusters for AWS, enable AWS PrivateLink. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/enable_aws_private_link.adoc#hosted-enable-private-link[Enabling AWS PrivateLink].

```

Author: Good point! As far as I understand it, the prereqs do not need to be completed in a specific order.

> * You must create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role and AWS Security Token Service (STS) credentials. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/create_role_sts_aws.adoc#create-role-sts-aws[Creating an AWS IAM role and STS credentials] and xref:../hosted_control_planes/manage_aws_infra_iam.adoc#iam_aws[Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role and AWS Security Token Service (STS) credentials. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/create_role_sts_aws.adoc#create-role-sts-aws[Creating an AWS IAM role and STS credentials] and xref:../hosted_control_planes/manage_aws_infra_iam.adoc#iam_aws[Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions].
```

> * To access a private cluster, you need a bastion instance on AWS. For more information, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/linux-bastion/[Linux Bastion Hosts on AWS] in the AWS documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To access a private cluster, create a bastion instance on AWS. For more information, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/linux-bastion/[Linux Bastion Hosts on AWS] in the AWS documentation.
```

Reviewer: Again, if users _don't need_ to complete these in order, and users simply select which actions apply to them, keep in a bullet list like you originally have :)

> 

Author: @zanetworker I confirmed that we can link to the AWS docs to provide instructions for how to set up a bastion instance. Do we want to point to this tutorial? https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mwaa/latest/userguide/tutorials-private-network-bastion.html I'm a little concerned that doing so might confuse people since the tutorial mentions using Apache Airflow. I also found this doc, although I'm not sure if it's quite right to point to: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/access-a-bastion-host-by-using-session-manager-and-amazon-ec2-instance-connect.html.

. Find the private IPs of nodes in the cluster node pool by entering the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
aws ec2 describe-instances --filter="Name=tag:kubernetes.io/cluster/<infra-id>,Values=owned" | jq '.Reservations[] | .Instances[] | select(.PublicDnsName=="") | .PrivateIpAddress'
----

. Create a `kubeconfig` file for the cluster that can be copied to a node by entering the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
hcp create kubeconfig > <cluster-kubeconfig>
----

> . Enter the following command to SSH into one of the nodes through the bastion by using the IP that is printed from the `create bastion` command:

Author: Note: We need to remove the mention of the command on this line as well.
